from within the peugeot 207 plus plus
English
then we framed we are
framing the dashboard the rev counter
fuel level odometer
car temperature there is also the radio that
then she left and I am in the company of
carlo hello hello
then let's take a ride in this one
this car is now the workhorse
of weight in all respects
or there is it is particular however as internal
from the I see here as regards the
on-board computer information
exact
I see that the spies are immediately lit.
for security 600 laws and I see
this this particular platform with
this we say so compartment
object holder
interesting then the air vents
the very deep glove compartment
deep and also refrigerated seen no e
possibly wanting in this case then
you can think of a speech of this
like or not on 107 out of 207 judge
holy is not possible nothing happens
and we have model we say so as yes
can call this is the key to the
passenger airbag solution by itself
round then set of storage compartments
porta porta glasses holder door
pen holder glass holder and a
nothing else to support the people of everything
more
then we four had it show up
first the radio part of the radio
then cd with all the related functions
and connected with so much of display as
reference of the radio itself then
we have a cioni however they come
reported behind it on this one
lightness here it is
this is the lever on the steering wheel controls
of the radio Jun perfect risotto then
we have the usual levers for thesis
crystal with regard to the
speech of the anterior crystal thesis
rear
then we have the lucia control lever here
arrows
I then am looking here that there is note
so we say the command of the plant
system in this case of true pl
however for methane it clearly remains
the same remains the same or later
air vents that are close to the
window a work image that
favor the skidding operation no
or then we have as many boxes as there are
there are two above the two on the doors
and also behind we have behind us
I am behind, however, there are not many from there
life with lethal for which I think that
the acoustics has no kind of
problem
let's take a look also behind those
which are the three we say so right places
teheran I fear registered for 55 passengers
as a fabric that you say as a fabric
very resistant seats sober as
fancy there are several possibilities
or else the only factual invoices
this then we see a fabric
washable and still very much
resistant or as security we have
As is well four airbags
so we have two fronts and two a
perfect side curtain and like like
space in short we can not not there
we can complain
I see here we also have another here
glove compartment and all controls e
below the 12 volt socket and I was not
looking here for a part of the
right manual climate control we have
clearly so as to be able to regulate in
air the fast the sp is activated or
no excludable near there is another
interesting this here if that is not
nothing but a port to a port
now I hadn't even noticed him at
exact ATMs and companions does not have
machine name comments
and intention of the exact supermarket
perhaps it is better advisable to
advisable then there is also another here
brings objects I know why I sit this
however it is already also a material
non-slip so a very comfortable for
the mobile are any object of
this type
well well it seems to me that then here is for
regarding the commands here of the gods
windows from the electric street
the electric mirrors in this
hot and like car in other words we say so
for city and beyond
it seems to me that they have the most equipment
which more than complete here satisfactory
good carlo for now I salute you and
we always meet in
dealership for new and amazing things
adventures
OK Bye Bye